[Music]
five minutes full body workout with no
equipment Brightside is here to help you
these five simple exercises take less
than five minutes and can help you get
rid of excess weight very quickly sounds
incredible not at all you can give it a
try for yourself while watching the
video as you do not need any special
equipment for this workout all you need
is a bit of self-discipline exercise
number one plank plank is an excellent
exercise for your abs prop yourself up
using your hands and knees then stretch
your legs until your supporting your
weight with the tips of your toes and
your elbows stretch your abdominal
muscles and pull your legs up a few
inches one at a time repeat for a full
minute give it a try
I'll give you a minute ready go let me
run through the benefits of this
exercise while you plank if you include
this exercise in your daily routine you
will gain strength improve your posture
and stimulate your metabolism also you
will work several muscle groups keep in
mind that you shouldn't bend keep your
back straight moreover this exercise
affects our nervous system it stretches
and relaxes muscles which are usually
stiffened due to stress creating tension
throughout the body planks help get rid
of anxiety and symptoms of depression
but only if you make them part of your
daily life
you're doing great only five seconds
left five four three two one
well done exercise number two 30-60-90
this one is perfect for your abs and
legs lie on your back with your hands
under your head and your legs together
pull up your legs to an angle of 30
degrees without bending them strain your
abdominal muscles but don't bend at the
waist
breathe deeply three times while in this
position increase the angle to 60
degrees stay like this breathe deeply
three more times and then increase the
angle again to 90 degrees keep this
position then you should repeat the same
procedure backwards don't forget to
flatten your waist here is your half
minute
lie on your back pull your legs up to an
angle of 30 degrees breathe deeply
three times one two three then increase
the angle to sixty degrees and breathe
three more times one two three then
increase angle again to 90 degrees and
keep the position then repeat it
backward
[Music]
well done exercise number three cobra
position this exercise strengthens your
buttocks thighs and back lie on your
stomach with your feet together bend
your arms at the elbows and prop
yourself up on your hands at a straight
angle
breathing in carefully bend at the waist
and pull your torso while holding your
head up a bit you should stay in this
position for 30 seconds then lower your
body while breathing out let's begin
apart from being good for your spine
this exercise can also stretch your back
abs the back of your hips and your
buttocks also cobra pose helps increase
the lung volume stretch the thoracic
muscles strengthen your abdominal
muscles and improve your posture only
ten seconds left
ten nine eight seven six five four three
two one well done exercise number four
grasshopper
this one is great for your buttocks and
hips lie on your stomach with your chin
on the floor place your arms at your
sides and make fists stretch out your
legs and feet as much as you can
breathing in slowly raise your legs one
at a time and then lower them again
while breathing out I'll give you 15
seconds keep going till the time runs
out
[Music]
well done and you're onto the last
exercise exercise number five
candlestick lie on your back with your
legs bent at the knees and press to your
chest slowly stretch your legs up while
propping your lower back on your arms
you should maintain this position for 30
to 60 seconds for a start let's perform
this exercise for 30 seconds okay ready
go this simple exercise is perfect for
your abdomen if you perform these five
exercises regularly your whole body will
transform within a month also don't
forget you should always combine these
with a healthy diet how you doing there
only 10 seconds left 10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2
1 all right well done remember that the
workout should make you feel energized
but not exhausted so don't overdo it in
the beginning have you ever tried these
exercises before how do they work for
you share your experience in the
comments below the video don't forget to
hit the like button and click subscribe
to stay on the bright side of life
[Music]